As one of the concerned organizations of development in economy matter, the Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA) has made public estimations for Digital Economy growth over the period 2005-2018, first result was published on March 2018, on Abril next year they update such estimations. Such estimations mean are a result of BEA's efforts to deploy a foundtation for the digital economy satellite account, which should involve the services and resources related to this, BEA's digital economy estimations have succeeded as a consequence of its partnership with other entities to raise the accuracy and comparability of the estimates, as well as BEA's own internal research. Recent estimations say that 9.0% (around 1,849.3 billion) dollars has been computed for digital economy in comparison with other traditional commercial business, leaving just behind the Manufacturing sector which made 11.3% (around 2,321.2 billion) . The actualization shows a trend on future behavior of digital economy, and more importantly the role that is playing in the modern life of finance. The real value of digital economy provided an average rate growth of about 6.8% yearly starting from 2006 up to 2018, in comparison with the 1.7% average growth of the overall economy involving all sectors. This quick increase of revenue, was helpful because it allowed the digital economy to grow from 7.3% in 2005 to 9% in 2018, so it took 13 years from having $948.4 billion to having $1,849.3 billion. Digital Economy was able to hold 8.8 million jobs which represents 5.7% of total U.S employment (154.7 million). Most wanted objective in communication for many communities of the the world is to guarantee the universal access of information ICT infrastructure of access indicators evaluate the individual possibilities of people to measure the information accessibility seen from a technological resources perspective. A reason of being of this indicators is that all the ICT infrastructure providers make up managerial registrations for operational and billing purposes. First indicator Box A1 is about Fixed telephone lines per 100 inhabitants, it basically deals with connection telephone lines from a customer’s terminal equipment.
