Although the fact that digital economy is based on old technologies, this one is just about twenty years old: it was originated from the American government's decision to free the Internet to citizen operations at the same time were personal computers started to become usual in businesses and households. Succeeded by cellphones, the internet ushered in new forms of elaboration and consumption of products that gradually swept across all industries. From media to vehicles, agriculture, and healthcare, the whole economy is turning digital. All industries must now deal with the abrupt appearance of one or more digital corporations, which are fundamentally altering the way markets and businesses are organized and operated. According to historian Carlota Perez, there have been five main technology-driven economic cycles since the Industrial Revolution, each lasting around 50-60 years. Beginning in 1771, there was the age of machines, factories, and canals. The era of steam, railways, iron, and coal began in 1829, followed by steel, electricity, and heavy engineering in 1875, oil, vehicles, and mass manufacturing in 1908, and the current ICT-based digital age, which began in 1971. Each cycle of economics' life is made up of two distinct phases that run about 20 to 30 years each. The stage from which technologies were starting to emerge is better known as the installation period having the laboratory and make their way into the market. New-born technologies begin to call the attention of marketers some of them betting for this recent technology with a high grade of uncertainty. All of this inevitably leads to a financial bubble because the high likelihood of failure due to the experimentation, which turns out after all with a lot of collapses and ushers in a period of crisis. After the stage of decadency, it comes the period called deployment where structural finance of companies, business and economists start to show a significance growth of revenue and income, this is mainly given for the fact of adaptation with the new technologies because they accept them as a new paradigm of improvement. Producer capital directs long-term growing of expansion by spreading and replicating strong business models, and industries become more defined and stable. Inside of the theoretical frame of economic informatization, when this one, together with work, ground, investment, and business factors, became the fifth technique of production; and economic digitalization - a stage based on the usage of the Web-4.0 technology platform. The digitization of physical assets and their integration into the digital ecosystem, as well as the business partners involved in the development of goods and services, are examples of economic transformation. The fourth industrial revolution along with the digital economy, results in a transition for the new technological order and Industry 4.0; it entails the construction of digital ecosystems, where collective network competencies should be established with the cooperation of stakeholders. One of the main challenges about Industry 4.0 is the exponential increase of quantity, quality and variety of acquaintance between companies, citizens and socioeconomic structure, which is accompanied by jumping dynamics in the amount of transactions and volumes of data in circulation, resulting in a more complex and synchronized integration of "everyone with everyone". The economic transformation leads to a series of negative consequences of digitization, such as the banishment of traditional commerces, the automation of some professional activities the rise of cybercrime, the vulnerability of human rights in the digital environment, threats to the security of the users' digital data, and a low level of trust in the digital space. Regulation of the digital economy appears to be the answer to these problems. Accelerated adoption of digital technologies in business and society is a lofty goal that only a few leading countries have managed to achieve. Only possible if a few key conditions are met. Digital economy appears to increase spatial income gaps since it enlarges the social and economical baseline of implications. Over the lat few decades income has substantially converged slowly across even reversed in a lot of OECD Nations, however a variety of corrective policies are available. Skills that generate tools emerged by technology are significantly important due to the relevance in infrastructure and transportation investments to ease the regional dispersion of advantages to get economical skills for technical purposes, while they are frequently advantageous, they also have decreasing returns. Specific types of infrastructure may become increasingly important in the site of sophisticated manufacturing. Computer-controlled equipment that operate in a fraction of time in particular, require closeness to servers who provide secure internet. Current system of education, as along with entrepreneurship in business and support groups , must encourage the development of ICT-skills, primarily in order to promote digital literacy in teaching centers, expanding then the vocational and on-the-job training of students to connect educational regions. Two big-data solution centers were constructed in Berlin and Dresden as part of Germany's national digital economy strategy, which was outlined in the Digital Agenda 2014-17. Catapult Centres are considering applying research and development organizations in the UK that foster research and innovation through business-led collaboration between ecpert professionals in a variety of fields. Catapult Centres are similar to the NNMI in the United States and the Fraunhofer Institutes in Germany. They do applied engineering research in fields like manufacturing of good quality, satellite applications, offshore renewable energy, the digital economy, transportation systems, and energy systems, among others. Many of the catapults have a lot of different innovative practices that are guided and supported by a strong capability of research and insights. Supply chain development, demonstration and scale-up support, and specialized technician training are among the related innovation efforts.

References:
https://espas.secure.europarl.europa.eu/orbis/sites/default/files/generated/document/en/9217031e.pdf
https://blog.irvingwb.com/blog/2017/12/a-historical-perspective-on-the-information-economy.html
https://tuengr.com/V12/12A3O.pdf
https://www.ama.gov.pt/documents/24077/219772/OECD+Digital+Economy+Outlook+2020+(00000002).pdf/


Team:
Nilda Yah
Erick Jaimes
Ulises Mis
