1.What are the seven interrelated policy dimensions on the Going Digital Integrated Policy Framework?
1.	Access
2.	use
3.	Innovation
4.	Jobs
5.	society
6.	 trust
7.	market openness

2.What are the four key ways governments can enhance access to the sharing of data?
1.	Investment
2.	Communication infrastructures and services
3.	Competition
4.	regional development.

3.How can investment in communications infrastructures be promoted?
By encouraging the development of more fibre into networks to increase the speeds across technologies, address barriers such as the availability or uptake of key technical enablers, including Internet exchange points, and IPv6 addresses.

4.How can trust be strengthened in digital environments?
By allowing people and organizations to recognize the opportunities they bring as well as the potential of their effective use such as business dynamism investment in information and communication technologies (ICTs).

5.What are the benefits of digital innovation?
Digital innovation not only gives rise to new goods and services, but it also creates opportunities for new business models and markets, and it can drive efficiencies in the public sector and beyond.

6.What are the challenges SMEs face while managing digital risk?
They lack awareness of good practices in digital risk management in order to realize opportunities from digital transformation, as well as the resources the availability of their resources and expertise.


7.What are the advantages and disadvantages of digital transformation in society?
Advantages:
enhance access to information (a free and interconnected Internet), improve health care (e.g. telemedicine) and enrich education (e.g. MOOCs).
Disadvantages:
Segregation of people, like-minded groups and negative mental health outcomes.

8.How can we ensure trust when fully embracing digital transformation?
By mitigating uncertainties that might be generated such as digital security incidents, information asymmetries, power imbalances or jurisdictional challenges which could translate into breaches of laws and regulations such as privacy, consumer protection or product safety.

9.What are the five steps to develop a digital transformation strategy (DTS)?
1.	Establish a governance approach that supports effective co-ordination.
2.	Articulate a strategic vision and ensure coherence.
3.	Assess key digital trends, related policies and regulations.
4.	Develop a comprehensive and coherent strategy.
5.	Implement the strategy successfully.

10.How can we ensure an inclusive and successful digital transformation?
By implementing policies and regulatory measures that seek to foster competition, promote investment, and reduce obstacles to infrastructure deployment

11. Which are the highest priorities objectives in NDSs?

Enhance digital goverment, Develop telecommunications infrastructure, Develop skills for the digital transformation, and Foster innovaation in digital technologies.

12.  Which are the two lowest ranket policy objectives of NDSs?

Enhancing consumer protection on line and enhancing internet governance.

13.  What are some challenges to advancing policy obejectives for national digital strategies?

	1. geographical dispersion of population, include in remote and rural areas
	2. budget and financing constraints
	3. development of effective regulatory instruments and frameworks 
	4. adaptation to the rapid pace and development of the digital technologies

14. What are the two main governace approaches to national digital strategies?

In the first approach, countries assign high-level leadership and centralised responsability for strategic co-ordination above ministerial level. In the secont approach, alead ministry is typically in charge of strategy development and strategis co-ordination.


15. How countries monitoring and evaluation of national digital strategies?
	
	Countries do this in differents ways, including through benchamarking surveys, annual of bi-annual status and progress reports, and dashboards with forecasts. 

16. Where can be found the international metrics and scoreboards to measure progress towards policy objectives set in NDSs? 

	Can be found in the OECD Digital Economy Outlook, the OECD Going Digital Toolkit, the European Commissions's Digital Economy and Society Index, the UN e-Goverment Survey and the World Economic Forum's Global Competitiveness Index, among others.

17. Why have several OECD countries focused on 'dig-once' policies?
	
	Because, these aim to leverage non-broadband infrastructure projects, and reduce the costs of broadband network deployment. 

18. Which are the policy objectives to adress the digital divide?
	Raising digital skills and literacy; improving connectivity; enhancing cybersecurity and trust; and increasing e-goverment efficiency. 

19. What are the intruments to promote use of digital technologies by households and individuals?
	
	Non-financial support, Direct finantial support and indirect support?

20. What is the Non-financial support instrument to promote use digital technologies?

	In particular, official portals or hubs provide a virtual space for sharing  experiences (Japan, Korea), running awareness campaigns (Colombia, Denmark, Mexico, Portugal) and undertaking training activities (Singapore). Cybersecurity, trust and consumer protection are a common  focus.
	
	
Team:
Nilda Yah
Erick Jaimes
Ulises Mis
