The presence of digital age is consuming our time increasingly, we pay more attention to new media trends on digital platforms, by nature we tend to keep abreast on the hot-new topics on this day by day globalized world, the scale of digital-media growing up is huge, a big and important part of this digital consumption of media from us is not being taken into account by economic indicators such as the GDP, that is simply because GDP only bases its estimations on monetary spend of consumption people do on digital platforms but not on how much they benefit from those. The thing with GDP is that it does not measure the amount of satisfaction reflected in productivity gain got from a purchased service, it only computes the monetary revenue of the final goods produced in the economy. Fortunately a new economic strategy at least theoretically promises to cover this  gap. Consumer surplus is the name of the metric which would calculate the consumer well-being and it is computed by the subtraction between the maximum a consumer would be willing to spend and its price. A good example of how GDP can be a misleading proxy for economic well-being is the case of Encyclopedia Britannica and Wikipedia, while the first one used to cost several thousand dollars with less articles, Wikipedia had a total cost of $0 and although it has around $150 income per user a year, this is translated into about $42 billion in surplus for consumer which is not reflected in the U.S. GDP. Expenditures of customers (the foundation for GDP) can be tracked at the cash register and reflected in financial statements. Consumer surplus, on the other hand, cannot be immediately identified, which is one of the reasons it hasn't been widely utilized to measure the economy. In this aspect of digital economy AI can potentially play an important role, the automation of digitalized platforms will probably allow in the future to inlcude this way of calculating the level of satisfaction and therefore to have a better accurate production gain from all people consumers. One of the most concerned and frightening question of mankind related to Artificial Intelligence is that if IA will ever overcome the barrier of human understanding being even able to identify emotions, overcoming thus the reasoning of human knowledge  Max Tegmark recognized physicist from MIT proposes two different groups the “techno-sceptics” who don’t think that a superior human capacity AI will emerge in the first century and the “digital utopians” who believe that within a few decades, a breakthrough from narrow AI, such as task-specific algorithms taught to address narrowly specified issues, to universal AI applications could hapen, benefiting humanity as a whole. Indeed, some members of this group visualize the rise of AI as the next reasonable stage in evolution, where humans will increasingly augment and upgrade their abilities through technology, eventually merging physically with their machines, some argue that this is this is already present in the everyday life; citing the smartphone as a powerful extension of our abilities to communicate, memorize, etc. When discussing the economic implications of the digital revolution, particularly AI and robotics, it appears to be crucial to emphasize one issue right away: Continuous technical progress has been one of the key drivers of economic growth and wealth in the two hundred years since the spread of the steam engine, providing us with (exponentially) increased power (energy), productive means, mobility, and organization/communication. A important concern is whether artificial intelligence will be able to overcome the recent slowdown in productivity development, and, if so, how workers would fit into such a situation. In recent years Big Data has arisen as a new paradigm for digital earth applications such as science, business, and engineering, offering plentiful data and chances to enhance and/or allow research and decision-building applications with unparalleled value. Big Data, on the other hand, poses issues for digital earth in terms of storing, transporting, processing, mining, and serving data. The application of these resources has generated amazing Big Data breakthroughs, and cloud computing provides key assistance to meet the difficulties using shared computing resources such as computation, storage, networking, and analytical software. Data handling has changed from a more traditional static mode to an accelerating data arena characterized by volume, velocity, variety, veracity, and value as a result of technological advancements and human comprehension of data. The first V stands for the volume of data, which is rapidly increasing and exceeding our ability to manage massive data sets. The term "velocity" alludes to the rapid generation and transfer of data through the Internet, as seen by data collecting from social networks and a huge array of sensors from microcontrollers (atomic),  "variety" means to the various data formats and in which model and structural data are stored. "Veracity" refers to the range of data quality, precision, and reliability. The fifth V, which focuses on specialized research and decision-support applications that improve our lives, work, and prosperity, requires all four Vs. The unification of cloud computing, Big Data, and the economy of commodities and digital services has sparked interest in IT-related services, which account for a significant portion of our everyday shopping consumption. Blockchain technology is a decentralized, distributed ledger system that promotes data integrity and transparency. In a nutshell, block chain is a collection of blocks connected in a chain-like pattern. All of the blocks in this section will be linked to the block before it and the block before it. Furthermore, every block in that chain stores data, and the chain reflects the linking architecture. In actuality, cryptography will be used to connect every single block. Furthermore, along with transactional data and timestamps, every block in that chain will contain a cryptographic hash ID. And ending up with a growing chain of blocks, that is what blockchain actually is. It can be thought of as a database that saves information in a unique manner. However, despite the fact that they both store data, blockchain and databases are fundamentally different. Blockchain technology, by default, does not allow for data alteration. As a result, any data placed in the block cannot be erased or changed. As a result, it will remain there indefinitely. Another important point to know about blockchain technology is that it is a peer-to-peer network. Blockchain technology has the potential to revolutionize our  current system of economy and society's digital interactions. Startups and incumbents alike drive the technology's rapid and dynamic technical development, resulting in a wide range of applications across economic and societal areas. However, the economic and societal consequences of this prospective new technology paradigm have not yet been thoroughly investigated, nor have the implications of this potential new technological paradigm reached a larger public discourse.

QUESTIONS(Ulises Mis)
1. Why can GDP sometimes be considered as an inaccurate estimator of well-being of economics?
Because GDP only bases its estimations on monetary spend of consumption people do on digital platforms but not on how much they benefit from those,  GDP itself does not measure the amount of satisfaction reflected in productivity gain got from a purchased service.

2. How is customer surplus measured? Provide an example
Customer surplus is computed by the difference on how much a consumer would be willing to spend at most and its actual price, For example, users pay $120 to $240 a year for video-streaming services such as Netflix, Hulu, and HBO en up having the consumer surplus generated from those services is
five to 10 times what users pay to access them.

3. What is the difference between consumer surplus and customer expenditures?
Expenditures of customers (the foundation for GDP) can be tracked at the cash register and reflected in financial statements while consumer surplus cannot be immediately identified.

4. How do techno-sceptics differ from digital utopians?
Techno-sceptics don’t think that AI that exceeds human capacity will emerge at least in the next 100 years while  digital utopians think that the revolution of thinking machine is nearly approaching, they expect this by considering that noways well-trained algorithms of machine learning facilitate our lives.

5. How does AI affect the next step in evolution?
Humans will probably increase the amount of work therefore augmenting with constant upgrade their abilities through technology, eventually merging physically with their machines.

6. What are the economic implications of the digital revolution, in AI and robotics?
Continuous technical progress that has been one of the key drivers of economic growth and wealth in the two hundred years since the spread of the steam engine, providing us with (exponentially) increased power (energy)


7. What does Big Data provide on the digital earth applications and what problems it presents?
It offers plentiful data and chances to enhance and/or allow research and decision-building applications with unparalleled value. At the same time and unfortunately Big Data poses issues for digital earth in terms of storing, transporting, processing, mining, and serving data. 

8. How cloud computing is involved in this phase?
Cloud computing provides key assistance to meet the difficulties using shared computing resources such as computation, storage, networking, and analytical software. 

9. Why has data handling changed?
Data handling has changed from a more traditional static mode to an accelerating data arena because it needs to be characterized by volume, velocity, variety, veracity, and value as a result of technological advancements and human comprehension of data. 


10. How can blockchain be interpreted?
Block chain can be seen as a collection of blocks connected in a chain-like pattern. All of the blocks in this section will be linked to the block before it and the block before it. Furthermore, every block in that chain stores data, and the chain reflects the linking architecture. 

11. Why can databases be compared with blockchain and why do they differ?
Blockchain can be thought of as a database that saves information in a unique manner. However, despite the fact that they both store data, blockchain and databases are fundamentally different. Blockchain technology, by default, does not allow for data alteration. As a result, any data placed in the block cannot be erased or changed. 

12. How are startups and incumbents involving in blockchain?
They alike drive the technology's rapid and dynamic technical development, resulting in a wide range of applications across economic and societal areas. 
